
Dane Lipscombe

(email: dane@lipscombe.com.au - phone: )


SUMMARY

I am a passionate technologist with over 10 years experience developing
products and platforms that are reliable and delivered on time.
Programming Languages: - PHP, Ruby, Javascript, C#, C++, Java Web Tools
and Frameworks: - Laravel, Symfony, Node.js, Grunt, Webpack, Rails,
ASP.NET MVC, Wordpress, Drupal Operating Systems: - Ubuntu/Debian and
CentOS Linux, Windows server, MacOS Systems Administration: - Docker,
Ansible, Amazon Cloud, Chef, LDAP, MySQL, PostgreSQL, Nagios, Memcache,
Elasticsearch Developer Tools: - VIM, Git, SVN, Visual Studio, Eclipse,
Jenkins, Redmine, Github, GitLab


EXPERIENCE

Domain Engineer
Commonwealth Bank Nov 2016 - Current




Senior Technology Specialist
Telstra Mar 2016 - Nov 2016




Software Developer and Systems Administrator
Mytrax (Hatsudai, Tokyo, Japan) Jun 2013 - Feb 2016

Lead the development and design of architecture for multiple web apps
with teams of up to 10 local and offshore developers.

Automated build, deployment and monitoring of systems using Jenkins,
Ansible, Chef, Docker and Nagios which simplified and improved the
reliability of platforms.

Flexibility to work on various platforms and languages including PHP
Laravel, C# ASP.Net MVC, Ruby on Rails, MySQL, Postgresql, Elasticsearch
and Memcache.


Software Developer and Systems Administrator
77hz (Shibuya, Tokyo) Nov 2012 - Jun 2013

Maintained high availability of popular club event website
http://iflyer.tv while introducing new features including REST API and
Internationalization to include the UK.

Introduced Symfony PHP framework and Git version control to improve
maintainability and deployment of platform.


Software Developer and Systems Administrator
Assetic Pty Ltd (Melbourne, Australia) Mar 2010 - Nov 2012

Developing the company’s flagship product, SAM (Strategic Asset
Management) which is asset management software for local council.
Written in C# with Windows client, WCF server component and MS SQL
server database.

Developed websites for multiple customers and created custom Drupal
modules in PHP and Javascript, including assetic.com,
assessments.com.au, and store.assessor.com.au.

Maintain and improve the companies infrastructure, which includes
Linux/Windows web servers running on a VMWare ESX platform in multiple
locations.


Part Time Software Developer and Systems Administrator
b2cloud (Melbourne, Australia) Mar 2010 - Feb 2012

Developed “Gaawk”, a news and social media aggregator/organiser. Written
as a Drupal module in PHP, it also includes heavy use of Javascript to
enable quick sorting of articles in a single page.

Developed the startups initial Linux server infrastructure and
introduced an agile development workflow.


Games Developer
Big Ant Studios (Melbourne, Australia) Jan 2009 - Mar 2010

Game play and tools programming on NRL Live, which was released in
August 2010. Development in C++ using Sony PhyreEngine on PC, PS3, and
Xbox360.

Coordinated with animators in integrating player and AI actions using
sofware I created in C# which uses flowcharts to script the animations
with the behavior in the game.


Software Developer and Systems Administrator
CASE (Computer Assistance Support and Education) (Canberra, Australia) Mar 2007 - Dec 2009

Developed VISE web platform to match students in rural areas to
registered mobile teachers. It was developed with PHP and MySQL and
contains personal information which in which privacy was a high
priority.

On-site systems administrator for various client sites around Canberra.
The servers ran CentOS Linux, using Samba for the user accounts on the
employees Windows computers.


Games Developer
Micro Forte (Canberra, Australia) Mar 2008 - Oct 2008

Improved the tools pipeline including the in house level editor and 3D
Studio Max exporters in C++ and MaxScript.

Implemented gameplay and camera elements for a technical demonstration
of their BigWorld MMO engine using Python and C++.


Quality Assurance
2K Games (Canberra, Australia) Apr 2007 - Jul 2007



Play testing the critically acclaimed Bioshock. Logging and reviewing
bugs in their tracking system.


CERTIFICATIONS

- 2007 - 2007 Advanced Diploma of Professional Game Development at Academy
of Interactive Entertainment
- 1994 - 2000 Higher School Certificate at Moorebank High School


INTERESTS




CONTACT INFORMATION

- phone: 
- email: dane@lipscombe.com.au
- website: http://http://lipscombe.com.au/
- LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/danelipscombe
- GitHub: https://github.com/dlip
- Twitter: danelips











